feat: added deprecation note to the dpp-verification (#493)
eclipse-tractusx/digital-product-pass: dpp-verification/README.md

<div align="center">
  <hr style="border:1px solid red;width:80%;margin:20px 0;">

  <h1 style="color:red;">🚨 THIS DOCUMENTATION IS DEPRECATED 🚨</h1>
  <h2 style="color:red;">Please see the latest docs here:</h2>
  <a href="https://eclipse-tractusx.github.io/docs-kits/next/kits/data-trust-and-security-kit/adoption-view">
    👉 https://eclipse-tractusx.github.io/docs-kits/next/kits/data-trust-and-security-kit/adoption-view
  </a>
  <br><br><br>
</div>

> [!WARNING]

> > Not all the documentation was migrated to the Data Trust & Security KIT, this documentation was a PoC developer during the first Catena-X consortia, and can be used to verify and validate DPP contents. The Data Trust & Security gets inspired on this PoC and scales for all the Aspect Models in Tractus-X the posibility to do Verification and Validation of data (ex, PCF, Certificates, etc). More information about this PoC can also be found in the [Data Trust & Security KIT DPP Verification Success Story](https://eclipse-tractusx.github.io/docs-kits/next/kits/data-trust-and-security-kit/success-stories/dpp-verification-success-story)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Not all the documentation was migrated to the Data Trust & Security KIT, this documentation was a PoC developed during the first Catena-X consortia, and can be used to verify and validate DPP contents. The Data Trust & Security gets inspired on this PoC and scales for all the Aspect Models in Tractus-X the possibility to do Verification and Validation of data (ex, PCF, Certificates, etc). More information about this PoC can also be found in the [Data Trust & Security KIT DPP Verification Success Story](https://eclipse-tractusx.github.io/docs-kits/next/kits/data-trust-and-security-kit/success-stories/dpp-verification-success-story)
```
